* Louie, Louie, Louie, Louie *
* Louie, Louie, Louie
Louaaa *
* Louie, Louie, Louie, Louie *
* Louie, Louie
you're gonna die *
* Louie, Louie, Louie
Louie... **
But I date now,
and I went on a date,
and I get nervous when I date,
I get very nervous.
I went on this date
and we went out to
dinner and all these things
and then I took her home
and she went inside
and then I farted
for the rest of my life.
I just...
farted for
the rest of my life,
as soon as she was inside.
Young gorgeous women must have
the hardest time
and a lot of people
think they have advantages,
like, oh, if you're a pretty
girl, hey, you know, it's easy.
People buy you drinks.
Oh, wow, boy.
What is that,
a $16 savings every week ?
Free drinks.
It must be so much
pressure to be,
like, a really cute
young girl.
First of all,
you're smaller than most people,
you're adults,
and you're walking around
and there's just massive men,
like, three times your size
and they just--
Every single--
( grunting and groaning )
That's a lot to
take on.
Someone else's cum fantasy.
Like, you--
he just looks at you
and you just feel, just, buckets
of cum hit you on the face.
( door creaking )
Hey, hi.
Hi.
Hey.
What do you want to do?
Uh, I don't care.
I know a good bar,
is that cool?
That's--
Yeah, sure.
Good night, Seymour.
My name's Roger.
( rock music blaring )
What do you
want to drink?
Uh, drink...
Uh, beer.
Can I have a beer
and two Jagers?
Honey, I'm not gonna
serve you two Jagers.
What?
Not after the last time
you were here.
I'm not gonna start you
off two-fisted with Jager.
I'm sorry.
How about a white wine?
Where are you--
You okay?
What...
What happened?
It's too crowded in there.
Yes, thank God.
I hate when it--
Places like that,
when they're all crowded.
Hey, let's not go
to a bar.
Do you need to
have a drink?
I don't want to.
Do you?
I'm fine with whatever.
( horn honking )
Can we walk?
Sure.
Let's just walk!
Okay.
My favorite part of New York
is that you can just
walk and walk
and you'll never
run out of city.
Yeah, I love walking in
New York, I love it.
You do?
Yeah, sure.
Are you just saying that
because you're on a date
you wanna agree with me?
Totally, I hate walking.
See?
Don't do that.
Just tell me
the truth.
I like to disagree.
Okay, well, then can we
get in a cab or go--
No!
I'm gonna make you walk.
Why, 'cause I'm fat?
Yes.
You're fat.
And I have no tits.
Let's be honest.
It's the only way I'll
continue this date with you.
Okay.
You're just gonna have to
keep up with me
because I reveal myself
very quickly to people.
I had a carcinoma when I was 14,
I was supposed to die.
You were supposed to die?
Yes!
Did somebody say it to you
like that?
Someone-- Yes!
They said it like that?
Someone actually
said that to me.
So you--
They said it like that?
I was in school, my parents
got a call from the doctors
telling them the diagnosis.
My mom...
lost her mind, she came into
the school to just pull me out.
I was walking from
home economics
to science class to see my mom
standing in the school office,
she's crying.
My father's sitting next
to her, he's not mad at her
and then this girl, this really
mean girl named Mandy Stewart,
she sees me, she comes
up to me and she says,
"Your mom is here
because you're supposed
to die or something."
Oh, my God.
It doesn't sound like
your mom handled that
in the best possible way,
from a parenting
point of view.
Y'know, beating that disease
wore me down to 70 pounds.
I had no hair,
my teeth fell out,
I was wearing dentures
by the time I was 15.
But the hardest part of it
was my mom,
dealing with my poor mom
and getting her through it.
I mean, I'd be...
puking and she'd
be kneeling next to me
on the bathroom floor,
sobbing.
I mean, I'm literally puking
chemo vomit into a toilet
and patting my
poor mother on the back,
trying to comfort her.
( chuckling )
( horn honking in distance )
I'm sorry I told you.
I tell everything.
I'm just glad
that you're okay.
Can we go to this
vintage store?
All right.
So when I got healthy again,
I couldn't be in school.
And when you
go to hell and back
and you literally see death
come right into your face
like this
and it turns you into
a little gray skeleton--
I had one picture of me
from back then--
I made my dad take it.
I look like
a 90-year-old woman.
And then death, you know,
backs away into the mist
and...
all the sudden,
my body's accepting nutrients
and within a month,
I'm a healthy 15-year-old girl
with a cool punky haircut.
I mean, can you imagine?
No, I can't.
How do you sit and learn
algebra in a classroom,
you know?
Why?
I never went back.
What did you do?
Oh, my God.
Look at this.
Will you try this on?
No.
Please.
Are you being serious
right now?
Come on.
Wait a minute, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait...
Come on!
Try it on.
No.
And... why?
I don't know.
I really don't.
I've never asked a guy to do
anything like this.
I-- Maybe it's a test.
A test?
Yes.
Do you like me?
Yeah, I like you.
Well, what do you
want to do?
Do you want to
say a list of things
you think might impress me
or do you want to try this on
and make me really like you,
just for having the guts?
Plus, I think it'll look
pretty on you.
Hey.
I'm not making fun of you,
I promise.
Come on.
I mean, this is kind of sexy,
isn't it?
Come on, try it on.
Grow some guts.
I'm gonna stand
right here and watch you.
Look...
I don't-- I don't care,
I'll try it on.
I'll do it.
( belt unbuckling )
Okay, step in.
Okay, turn around.
( zipper zipping )
( laughing )
Uh-huh.
Okay, okay.
Okay, okay,
congratulations.
No, no, no.
Congratulations to you.
Because you are
officially great.
I'll wait for you
outside.
Are you hungry?
Yeah, very.
Hey, let's not eat.
Stay hungry,
it'll sharpen your brain.
All right.
Can I ask you a question?
You-- What?
What is your name?
Oh, my God,
we never did that.
My name is Louie, hi.
Louie.
Louie, Louie.
Yeah, that's right.
Okay.
What's your name?
( horn honking in distance )
Tape Recorder.
What?
My name is Tape Recorder.
My parents were fighting
about what to call me
and when I was born,
they still hadn't decided.
They just started
calling me that
as something
to refer to me by
until they could think--
think of a better name.
They just never did.
Why-- why "Tape Recorder"?
I guess it was sitting on
my dad's desk...
and they were fighting
and he just pointed at it
and said,
"We'll call
her that for now!"
So that's my name.
Wow, that is--
that's-- that's crazy.
That's-- Tape Recorder?
That's me.
I mean, do people call you
"Tape," or...
Is your name
really Tape Recorder?
Shit.
( giggling )
Man.
Wow.
You'll believe anything.
Why did you do that?
I didn't do anything.
I made a joke and you totally
took it seriously.
Wow.
I gotta be careful
with you.
( laughing )
Come on, Tape Recorder,
let's go get
something to eat.
Okay.
I know where to feed you.
What is this?
Is this good?
Hi.
This is amazing.
How are you?
Hi.
We're gonna try everything
that is your best.
Two of these
Holland herring.
Listen.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God!
Mmm, mmm.
Look at that,
like space food.
It looks like outer space.
Oh, my God.
Oh, Jesus.
Best thing I ever ate.
Mm-hmm.
Mmm, mmm.
Give me that.
No.
Give me your...
( laughing )
This is so goddamn good.
I can't believe I've never
been to that place before.
Now aren't you glad now
that you never did?
Yeah, I am.
Have you ever been to
North Dakota?
No.
Neither have I, but I want
to go to North Dakota
more than
anything in the world.
So why don't you go?
I'll never go,
I just want to.
I want to keep
desiring it.
I love to
pine for North Dakota.
I don't want to give that up
by going there.
Why did you do that?
Just...
a more humane version of
throwing it in the garbage.
'Cause you want to
help him?
Yeah.
Then let's do it,
let's help him.
What...
Come on, yeah.
Wait a minute.
I don't think a pickle's
gonna do it, though.
I gave him a sandwich.
Hi, hi.
Oh, Jesus.
Hey, honey,
how are ya?
Why are you sleeping
out here?
It's cold out here.
( whispering )
Snakes.
Snakes?
Why did snakes
make you be here?
Why?
They crawl on my legs.
And the little ones
crawl on my hands.
And the human services lady
in Brooklyn got me that--
I had that job
and then they
gave me these.
And I know the snakes
aren't real,
but I see 'em,
and I get scared and I start
screaming and I cut my hands
'cause they're on my hands,
but if take those,
they go away.
And then I lost my job,
I can't get 'em anymore
and the snakes come back
and I just can't be
around people.
Are these expensive?
Yeah, $30 for one pill.
Are you seeing snakes
right now?
There's a snake on my face?
They're not real.
There's no snake.
It's fine, you know,
there's no snake.
I'm just saying,
there's no snake in--
Okay, come on, buddy.
Got it.
( horn honking in distance )
Where are we--
where are we going?
Just come on.
Where are we going?
Come on, come on.
Come on, what are you--
What are you doing, what are
you doing, what are you doing?
This is always open.
What are you doing?
Come on!
We can't just
go in a building.
Hey, come on.
Okay, look...
you have to pace yourself.
It's a long way up, but I swear
to God, it's worth it.
Boy, what are we...
Just breathe.
One step at a time,
okay?
How many stories is it?
I'm not telling you.
If I told you,
you wouldn't do it.
That's-- I'm not--
I'm not doing this.
Yes, you are.
Look, I'm 44 and I don't
exercise, okay?
I have clogged arteries.
Oh, wah, wah, wah.
Yeah, wah, wah, wah.
That's what I'm--
That's what I'm saying.
Let's do another thing,
come on.
No, Louie.
You-- you put on
a dress tonight
and you saved a man's life
and you are
going to do this.
Okay.
Come on!
One steps, two steps,
breathe.
Okay, breathing.
One step...
Ohh...
Two steps.
I'm fat.
Breathe.
No, you're not.
Going up stairs.
Two steps.
I'm going to die...
Breathe, breathe.
... by going up
some stairs.
One step...
Oh, goddamn it,
this is crazy.
Come on, come on.
We're not stopping now.
Step, breathe.
Ahh!
Come on!
( coughing )
( wheezing )
I gotta--
Just a second.
No!
No, no, no--
big mistake.
You gotta keep going.
I can't--
I'm not doing this.
I can't do this, I'm--
Do it!
Get up, now!
I mean it!
You got it, kid.
Okay, we're going.
Step, breathe!
All right, sport,
let's really do this.
Step, breathe.
Okay.
Good.
Louie, we made it.
Look where we are.
Oh, my God.
It's worth it, right?
Not really.
( both panting )
Wow.
Oh...
Oh, that's not--
Hey, can you please not
sit there and come over here?
But this is the best part.
Please don't--
No, no, no, no.
Come on!
No, no, no,
please come away from there.
Please just-- please just
come away from there.
You can see everything
from over here.
No, no, no, no, no.
Please don't sit like that,
don't-- don't--
Please don't,
please-- please--
That's--
Why?
What are you afraid of?
Can you just come--
Come on.
No, please,
that's too close.
No, no, no, please don't do
that, please don't do that.
Come on!
Please come away
from there.
That's really upsetting me
right now,
I swear to God-- no, no, no,
please don't, please don't.
Do you know
why you're scared?
Yeah, because falling
and it's high, so you'll die.
Please come to where
you can't fall.
I don't want you to fall.
I want you to come where
it's impossible
that falling can happen.
But the only way I'd fall
is if I jumped.
That's why you're afraid
to come over here.
Because a tiny
part of you wants to jump
because it would be so easy.
But I don't
want to jump.
So I'm not afraid.
I would never do that.
I'm having
too good of a time.
Let's go home, okay?
Okay.
My name is Liz.
( no audio )